Since I love you so much, you'll give me half of the assets, right?
After all, I am the owner of the ring.
I'm sure you can come to some arrangement, honey.
Half of the assets. Dream art.
When this is all over, I'll make sure you disappear too.
Ooh, be careful.
Why have someone sees us and takes another photo?
I'll just tell them that you're seducing your handsome assistant.
You have quite the smallest talker.
You'll be smooth or rough, whichever way you'd like.
Marty, I hope my plan works.
I'm sure, well, darling.
You'll be able to go upstairs whilst I sort this out.
Er, are you trying to get rid of me?
Not at all. I just have some things to add.
Okay, well, hurry up.
Lost his orders.
You're great.
I've lost my ring. I need you to find it.
Yeah, sure, Grace.
And now it's to the city that the Duke of Woodsby will be attending the Amberal Company party in three days.
You're good.
Don't ask questions. I have a plan.
You're acting strange.
I'm not.
Who was that man?
Just a friend of my father's.
Oh, he looked familiar. I'm sure I've seen him somewhere.